I drive
hello very good to all youtube people
here we are one more day in the worst channel
history until today don
You take a gamer and just as I promised you
king man legends let's give it to
continue quickly because we no longer
interesting in nothing we just want to enter
the speed of light in trouble
tiny to go in sprint until the
final runs runs runs runs runs
come on yes yes yes
castle rock there we go I'm going to
the volume to the maximum because you have to
enjoy this level this level is for
enjoy it to the fullest
and here we have it as promised is debt
buarque and juezo that I kill you that everything
fuck the best rayman in history
we accelerate
and here we have it unlocked achievement
round beaver
we already have it we have recovered the three
from the cage and we've gone through
complete the world of tiny problems
in the next video we would start with
toads and princes
I hope that schengen if it is this series
as much as I love the game
because I really deserve it very much
but that castle rock has served to
open our eyes and say hello
we have to see the game of this series
so nothing thank you very much for
have seen the video of the law if it has
liked subscribe to my channel if not
you are subscribed still leaves all the
comments you want to share
videos with your friends
follow me on facebook and twitter and we
we see until the next
subscribe or die